add `torch.testing` to docs (#56373)
pytorch/pytorch: docs/source/testing.rst

torch.testing
=============

.. warning::

>     This module is in BETA. New functions are still being added, and some functions may change in future PyTorch
>     releases. See the documentation of each function for details.

Author: @mruberry Since we opted for releasing in a prototype state instead, any recommendations on the wording?

```suggestion
    This module is in a PROTOTYPE state. New functions are still being added, and the available functions may change in future PyTorch releases. We are actively looking for feedback for UI/UX improvements or missing functionalities.
```

Reviewer: Let's just wait on this part of the stack until we get more feedback.

torch.testing
=============

> 

Author: Do we need a disclaimer about the beta status here?

Reviewer: Yes!

We should probably steal something like what torch.linalg has:

"Warning! This module is in BETA. New functions are still being added, and existing functions may change in future PyTorch releases."
